Write more details about filters (#40)
taranis-ai/taranis.ai: content/en/docs/assess/_index.md

![AssessFilters](/docs/assess-nav-annotated.png)

##### Details:

> - **First Day**: Refers to the Story's creation date, typically corresponding to the "published date" of the oldest News Item.
> - **Last Day**: Refers to the Story's last update date, usually indicating the most recent addition or modification to the Story.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **First Day**: The Story's creation date, typically matching the oldest News Item's "published date."
- **Last Day**: The Story's update date, usually reflecting the latest addition or change.
```
